Attribution for vector tile layers (#675)
oskariorg/oskari-frontend: api/mapping/mapmodule/vectortilelayerplugin.md

}
```

### Hover

Hover describes how to visualize features on mouse hover and what kind of tooltip should be shown.
Hover has two optional keys `featureStyle` and `content`.

> Content should tooltip's content as an array. Each object creates a row to the tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content should be content of tooltip as an array. Each object creates a row to the tooltip.
```
